hey guys soggy sisters anyone uh sorry I
know me videos for a couple days and
been a while
starters I'm gonna tell you one position
here starters I'm going to tell you why
I've been so busy because I got a job so
you're wondering what job could she be
working it would take up most of our
time excuse me my time to make videos
for you guys well the job I'm working at
is weak these recoveries that a lot of
questions to be answered there basically
go in and actually we put all the stuff
back I would actually put it accordingly
to work what if I couldn't find it the
actual thing I would have to put it with
another color that is close to it so so
person take a rosy pink dress like you
couldn't find it at pedals on the front
it's really nice and really pretty along
its flowy you know what you couldn't
find a dress like exactly like it in
this case you would go and put it with
the pale paint so are something close to
that color but basically recovery is
folding putting stuff back where it was
before bringing out the fitting rooms
and also what else just getting used to
my first two few days on the job aside
for getting jobsite work save everything
and I'm working generally princes I work
12 hours last week so that was fun
not all ones together okay I actually
been working 6 hours so I have worked
six hours on sir
six hours in Sunday so so from Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
I've been days off but Friday Saturday
Sunday I'm working so I have at least
three days out of the five seven days of
the week that's pretty good have a
couple days off so but more around the
time when I'm getting into the holidays
and the most first hectic holiday coming
up next week is hectic Black Friday so
if you guys know Black Friday how crazy
it is
whoa burger give me a little patience
because I'm gonna need it when I'm
pulling my hair out so who now I feel
bad for all the holster Abercrombie and
Macy's ignorance everybody who's in
retail I know what they go through you
know this aware purse I used to be one
of those peoples have messed up the
displays and now I hate the people I
want to check up you know the practice I
feel bad for everybody
cuz the second I actually makes me look
nice I turn right back around it's
already dead
it's already destroyed it's already it
looks like a volcano Mount Vesuvius has
exploded and erupted in me clothing pile
that I just me I just took 25 minutes to
make McKnight I'm sorry allergies but
you know it's just what can you you have
to go back keep to suck it up and say
you know what I'll take more time I'll
because it's too big I thought it would
be you know for the end of the day
usually I feel like my feet are killing
me
I feel like I just want you to I don't
know I sawed and sawed off my her so bad
so I'm going to actually remember the
thing the time where I was complaining
about affected I don't have a job
I hate that person back in the past
thing I don't have a job I don't want to
do yeah I would just say you know get a
job now
before it's too late no way since the
holiday times I'm rolling around I'm
actually been so proud of myself my
parents have been proud myself I've even
motivated my boyfriend to go ahead and
or get a drop of Macy's keys an
interview on Thursday so you guys know
my facebook fanpage please comment on
anything wishing him a good luck I also
put it over in this description box over
here so oh no it's over here sorry being
used to wherever you're looking on this
screen don't be here I think but
basically there's a subscribe button
look up there he liked it click click
click click click so but anyway yeah you
being in retail is not a lot of fun I
actually started hating what can't close
right now even though I love clothes I
started hanging clothes looking at
Chris's I did two hours of putting
dresses back and you know how much fun
that is yeah
one of the girls who was working hi
you're watching um not as much fun
actually sitting there and playing match
the dress cuz then you have to go back
and figure out where this dress was if
everything is just nice fun so basically
you may think it's always must be fun to
work in the mall everybody loves them
all so yeah I put back with the people
up in Canada who work at the greatest
mall in America basically you know it's
just it's so much fun my job is new
every day I mean a ton of nice girls I
met Nessa I finally met my manager
harmonica I believe a cup on top of it
all I had two jobs and actually been
volunteering at an animal humane abused
animal shelter so I've been working two
jobs so it come home smelling of horses
one day they go out the hour afterwards
smelling like neo and his good smell of
Cologne I do that to attract the guy so
that's one of my secrets like to give in
to my departments I come I'm spending oh
you know
the girls so I'm doing that to get more
business so wait let me put that right
okay I put on men's cologne to get both
guys and get guys to come into my job my
area where I'm working at and I wear
beauty to get the girls to come in so
basically I'm kind of manipulating both
at the opposite sexes so anyway you know
that's how you gonna do you gotta play
your game to work well you always gotta
have a smile and try say hey you know
what if I if you need anything come get
me I'm always walking around here um
name is Chelsea to let me know can you
help today hidden happy holiday see
y'all I hope you had a good holiday so
far hopefully you will be working about
Friday or extremely tight like me oh and
what I think the customers good luck
with everybody oh good luck to everybody
with customers and who deal with
customers especially me and my boyfriend
who's actually going for a job interview
good luck to everybody who is did the
retail business who is to deal with
customers who are really harsh of
ruining everything good luck and Happy
Holidays
I'll see y'all next time